add section for deployed Teleporter addresses (#1901)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: content/docs/cross-chain/teleporter/addresses.mdx

---
title: Teleporter Addresses
---

## Deployed Addresses
| Contract              | Address                                        | Chain                    |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `TeleporterMessenger` | **0x253b2784c75e510dD0fF1da844684a1aC0aa5fcf** | All chains, all networks |
| `TeleporterRegistry`  | **0x7C43605E14F391720e1b37E49C78C4b03A488d98** | Mainnet C-Chain          |
| `TeleporterRegistry`  | **0xF86Cb19Ad8405AEFa7d09C778215D2Cb6eBfB228** | Fuji C-Chain             |

> 1. Using [Nick's method](https://yamenmerhi.medium.com/nicks-method-ethereum-keyless-execution-168a6659479c#), `TeleporterMessenger` deploys at a universal address across all chains, varying with each `teleporter` Major release. **Compatibility exists only between same-version `TeleporterMessenger` instances.** See [Teleporter Contract Deployment](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/blob/main/utils/contract-deployment/README.md) and [Deploy Teleporter to a Subnet](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#deploy-teleporter-to-a-subnet) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [Nick's method](https://yamenmerhi.medium.com/nicks-method-ethereum-keyless-execution-168a6659479c#), `TeleporterMessenger` deploys at a universal address across all chains, varying with each `teleporter` Major release. **Compatibility exists only between same versions of `TeleporterMessenger` instances.** See [Teleporter Contract Deployment](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/blob/main/utils/contract-deployment/README.md) and [Deploy Teleporter to a Subnet](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#deploy-teleporter-to-a-subnet) for more details.
```

2. `TeleporterRegistry` can be deployed to any address. See [Deploy TeleporterRegistry to a Subnet](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/blob/main/README.md#deploy-teleporter-to-a-subnet) for details. The table above enumerates the canonical registry addresses on the Mainnet and Fuji C-Chains.

## A Note on Versioning

> Release versions follow the [semver](https://semver.org/) convention of incompatible Major releases. A new Major version is released whenever the `TeleporterMessenger` bytecode is changed, and a new version of `TeleporterMessenger` is meant to be deployed. Due to the use of Nick's method to deploy the contract to the same address on all chains (see [Teleporter Contract Deployment](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/blob/main/utils/contract-deployment/README.md) for details), this also means that new release versions would result in different Teleporter contract addresses. Minor and Patch versions may pertain to contract changes that do not change the `TeleporterMessenger` bytecode, or to changes in the test frameworks, and will only be included in tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release versions follow the [semver](https://semver.org/) convention of incompatible Major releases. A new Major version is released whenever the `TeleporterMessenger` bytecode is changed, and a new version of `TeleporterMessenger` is meant to be deployed.

Due to the use of Nick's method to deploy the contract to the same address on all chains (see [Teleporter Contract Deployment](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/blob/main/utils/contract-deployment/README.md) for details), this also means that new release versions would result in different Teleporter contract addresses. Minor and Patch versions may pertain to contract changes that do not change the `TeleporterMessenger` bytecode, or to changes in the test frameworks, and will only be included in tags.
```
